Planned Jobs and Skills Tracker

PVE Classes
Alchemist
1 Unstable Transmutation - Transmute all hotbar blocks in to other blocks. <shift right-click with gold block>
1 Dowse - Find nearby ore and materials.
2 Sustenance - Feeds yourself.
2 Teleport - Teleports to predefined locations.
3 Portal - Creates a portal (Lapis block to redstone block)
3 Phase - Pass through thin walls.

Artisan
1 Refund - Refund part or all of crafting ingredients.
1 Repair Armor - Attempt to instantly repair your armor.
2 Repair Tools - Attempt to instantly repair all tools in your hotbar.
2 Upgrade - Attempt to upgrade item.
3 Disenchant - Removes enchantment and gains experience.
3 Shift Enchant - Moves enchant from one item to another.

Beastmaster
1 Eggify - Trap a creature in an egg.
2 Gills - Breath underwater.
3 Lure - Creatures naturally follow you.
2 Pacify - Creatures usually do not attack you.
1 Forestwalk - Walk slightly faster on grass.
3 Confusion Spell - Causes nearby monsters to attack each other.

Laborer
2 Bagspace - Double inventory.
2 Remote Build - Place blocks remotely.
3 Remote Break - Destroy target block.
1 Homeblock - Creates a homeblock, protecting a chunk.
3 Replace - Replace all nearby blocks of target type with blocks you are holding. Must be holding that many.
1 Workshop - Opens a workshop.

Merchant
2 Shop - Open a shop.
1 Summon Client - Summon another player if they agree.
1 Teleport to Client - Teleport to another player if they agree.
3 Insure - Sells life insurance player loses no items on next death.
3 Counterfeit - Creates a copy of an item that will disappear at a random time in the next 24 hours.
2 Perceptive - Greatly reduces the chance of a thief stealing from you and increases the chance of the thief being hurt.

Scribe
2 Change Weather Scroll - Changes the weather to the polar opposite.
2 Change Time Scroll - Changes the time to the polar opposite.
3 Immunity Scroll - Makes player unable to be harmed for 2 seconds.
3 Immortality Scroll - Player does not die when killed, but is sent home.
1 Lottery Ticket - Random chance to earn or lose money.
1 Tarot Card - Random effect.

Thief
1 Peek - Peek at someones inventory.
2 Steal - Steal from a player.
3 Pry - Attempt to pry equipment off of a player.
1 Hide - Invisible when crouching in low light, if not having been in combat for 60 seconds.
3 Pick - Attempts to pick a lock.
2 Featherfall - Does not take fall damage.

Tinkerer
3 Disassemble - Attempt to destroy an item for materials.
1 Pocketcrafter - Opens a crafting window.
2 Remote Overload - Press button or switch a switch remotely.
3 Pulser - Makes a block pulse healing or damage to all but players except for those holding another pulser in hotbar.
2 Sentry - Creates aa sentry block that warns nearby players of nearby mobs or players.
1 Lock - Locks a door or chest under a players name.



PVP Classes

Warrior
1 Lunge - Lunges forward over a distance.
2 Repel - Lunges backwards over a distance.
1 Defend - Take much less damage if crouching.
2 Blockshield - If holding an iron block on your hotbar, your armor is greatly improved.
3 Rage - Deal more damage based on how injured you are.
3 Stalwart - Immune to critical attacks.

Mage

1 Conjure Spell - Conjure materials out of the air.
2 Elemental Immunity - Lose reagents instead of health
2 Explosion - Creates explosion on yourself that damages you and those nearby, tossing nearby enemies away.
1 Fire-Ice-Lightening - Hurl an element at the target.
3 Switch - Switch places with the target.
3 Blink - Disappear and reappear at target location.

Ranger
1 Traps - Create traps with blocks.
1 Arrowcraft - Create specific arrows.
2 Hunt - Attune your compass to another player.
2 Stalk - Find distance to target.
3 Arrow Volley - Shoots 5 generic arrows in target direction.
3 Call Wolves - Calls 1-3 angry wolves when at low health.


Rogue
1 Poisons - Poisons you weapon.
2 Disarm - Force oponent to drop weapon.
1 Dirty Strikes - Causes a random bad effect on attack.
2 Shadowstep - Move behind target.
3 Enderdefense - Teleport to a random nearby location when damaged.
3 Enderstrike - Teleport to a random nearby location after damaging an enemy.

Cleric
1 Heal- Slightly heal someone and yourself.
1 Smite- Combust target
3 Bless- Bless item
2 Cripple- Slow down your target enemy for a short time.
3 Wolf and Lamb - Switch health percentage with enemy.
2 Cleanse- Cleanse target or self of all bad effects.

Psionic
1 Push Spell - Pushes all enemies away from you.
1 Pull - Pulls all players towards you.
2 Toss - Throws a specific player in the air.
2 Braindeath - Attempts to make a player forget all skills for 5 secons.
3 Psychic Shout - Attempt to kill all mobs nearby, and slightly injure all players.
3 Telepathy - Spy on other player.

Sapper

1 Impervious- Immune to Explosions
1 Unstable- Dying causes enormous explosion
2 Amp TnT- Punching TnT amplifies explosion, destroying some nearby protected stone.
2 Rifle- Using
3 Supercharge TnT- Crouching on TnT creates an explosion sending you sailing in the air and deals large damage to others.
3 Masochist- Fire heals you.






















Wall Spell - Creates a temporary wall to block your enemies.
Wither Skull Spell (v3.2) - Fires a wither skull projectile.


Chain Spell - Bounces from target to target.





Disguise Spell - Appear as a monster, animal, block, item, or another player.
Drainlife Spell - Steal life from your enemy.
EntombSpell - Traps the target enemy in glass.
Fireball Spell - Throws a fireball.

Geyser - Create a geyser of water that shoots your enemy into the air.



Levitate Spell - Cause a target to levitate and fly where you point.
Pain Spell - A generic direct damage spell.

Silence Spell - Prevent a player from casting spells for a time.





UndisguiseSpell - Removes a disguise created by the Disguise Spell.















Tree Spell - Grow a tree at a target location.







FlamewalkSpell - Burn enemies around you as you walk.




LifewalkSpell - Flowers bloom in your footsteps.
LightwalkSpell - Lights your path.






Stonevision Spell - Allows you to see through stone.

Waterwalk Spell - Walk across the water.
Windwalk Spell - Fly through the air.
